filename:/home/sbk6401/CTF/PicoCTF/General Skills/Big Zip/big-zip-files/big-zip-files/rbgkhxrktuzuedgcrjpba.txt
flag:ThereissomethingcuriousaboutthenationalflagsoftheplanetEarth.Theflagof
filename:/home/sbk6401/CTF/PicoCTF/General Skills/Big Zip/big-zip-files/big-zip-files/folder_pmbymkjcya/folder_cawigcwvgv/folder_ltdayfmktr/folder_fnpfclfyee/whzxrpivpqld.txt
flag:informationontherecordwilllastabillionyears.GenesandbrainsandbooksencodepicoCTF{gr3p_15_m4g1c_ef8790dc}
filename:/home/sbk6401/CTF/PicoCTF/General Skills/Big Zip/big-zip-files/big-zip-files/folder_xtshijybzy/folder_ciinwksnzo/file_xftgsikcdwgbjrffowdk.txt
flag:whydisastrousfires-thegreatconflagrationsofLondonandChicago,forexample-are
filename:/home/sbk6401/CTF/PicoCTF/General Skills/Big Zip/big-zip-files/big-zip-files/folder_xtshijybzy/folder_ciinwksnzo/file_vtdtezslpmtxdgilmpizpf.txt
flag:whydisastrousfires-thegreatconflagrationsofLondonandChicago,forexample-are
filename:/home/sbk6401/CTF/PicoCTF/General Skills/Big Zip/big-zip-files/big-zip-files/folder_xtshijybzy/folder_ciinwksnzo/file_ojygeqgflb.txt
flag:whydisastrousfires-thegreatconflagrationsofLondonandChicago,forexample-are
filename:/home/sbk6401/CTF/PicoCTF/General Skills/Big Zip/big-zip-files/big-zip-files/folder_xtshijybzy/folder_ciinwksnzo/file_bdsbhdklnqiceltmn.txt
flag:whydisastrousfires-thegreatconflagrationsofLondonandChicago,forexample-are
filename:/home/sbk6401/CTF/PicoCTF/General Skills/Big Zip/big-zip-files/big-zip-files/folder_xtshijybzy/folder_ciinwksnzo/file_acommpmsrxd.txt
flag:whydisastrousfires-thegreatconflagrationsofLondonandChicago,forexample-are
filename:/home/sbk6401/CTF/PicoCTF/General Skills/Big Zip/big-zip-files/big-zip-files/folder_xtshijybzy/folder_ciinwksnzo/file_kznplditsjenjjdfgulfq.txt
flag:whydisastrousfires-thegreatconflagrationsofLondonandChicago,forexample-are
filename:/home/sbk6401/CTF/PicoCTF/General Skills/Big Zip/big-zip-files/big-zip-files/folder_xtshijybzy/folder_ciinwksnzo/file_sspponqejdignblhu.txt
flag:whydisastrousfires-thegreatconflagrationsofLondonandChicago,forexample-are
filename:/home/sbk6401/CTF/PicoCTF/General Skills/Big Zip/big-zip-files/big-zip-files/folder_xtshijybzy/folder_ciinwksnzo/file_pjmeaqiqyzgnkfbygm.txt
flag:whydisastrousfires-thegreatconflagrationsofLondonandChicago,forexample-are
filename:/home/sbk6401/CTF/PicoCTF/General Skills/Big Zip/big-zip-files/big-zip-files/folder_xtshijybzy/folder_ciinwksnzo/file_hjvryvewu.txt
flag:whydisastrousfires-thegreatconflagrationsofLondonandChicago,forexample-are
filename:/home/sbk6401/CTF/PicoCTF/General Skills/Big Zip/big-zip-files/big-zip-files/folder_xtshijybzy/folder_ciinwksnzo/file_hrxfjedcvypsuifurgg.txt
flag:whydisastrousfires-thegreatconflagrationsofLondonandChicago,forexample-are
filename:/home/sbk6401/CTF/PicoCTF/General Skills/Big Zip/big-zip-files/big-zip-files/folder_xtshijybzy/folder_ciinwksnzo/file_mrkgaxybdxeode.txt
flag:whydisastrousfires-thegreatconflagrationsofLondonandChicago,forexample-are
filename:/home/sbk6401/CTF/PicoCTF/General Skills/Big Zip/big-zip-files/big-zip-files/folder_xtshijybzy/folder_ciinwksnzo/file_bgypcmmzeoseuzbjkd.txt
flag:whydisastrousfires-thegreatconflagrationsofLondonandChicago,forexample-are
filename:/home/sbk6401/CTF/PicoCTF/General Skills/Big Zip/big-zip-files/big-zip-files/folder_xtshijybzy/folder_ciinwksnzo/file_nxdiqzbwitittoqrh.txt
flag:whydisastrousfires-thegreatconflagrationsofLondonandChicago,forexample-are
filename:/home/sbk6401/CTF/PicoCTF/General Skills/Big Zip/big-zip-files/big-zip-files/folder_xtshijybzy/folder_ciinwksnzo/file_cbhapglzqed.txt
flag:whydisastrousfires-thegreatconflagrationsofLondonandChicago,forexample-are
filename:/home/sbk6401/CTF/PicoCTF/General Skills/Big Zip/big-zip-files/big-zip-files/folder_xtshijybzy/folder_ciinwksnzo/file_yjmafqiynyfxrtwrjjsmxx.txt
flag:whydisastrousfires-thegreatconflagrationsofLondonandChicago,forexample-are
filename:/home/sbk6401/CTF/PicoCTF/General Skills/Big Zip/big-zip-files/big-zip-files/folder_xtshijybzy/folder_ciinwksnzo/file_fkxcqivfbixrpvnxijsl.txt
flag:whydisastrousfires-thegreatconflagrationsofLondonandChicago,forexample-are
filename:/home/sbk6401/CTF/PicoCTF/General Skills/Big Zip/big-zip-files/big-zip-files/folder_xtshijybzy/folder_ciinwksnzo/file_ugjaltgsgukndxtik.txt
flag:whydisastrousfires-thegreatconflagrationsofLondonandChicago,forexample-are
filename:/home/sbk6401/CTF/PicoCTF/General Skills/Big Zip/big-zip-files/big-zip-files/folder_xtshijybzy/folder_ciinwksnzo/file_hufanpmbsfmcplmzdoyd.txt
flag:whydisastrousfires-thegreatconflagrationsofLondonandChicago,forexample-are
filename:/home/sbk6401/CTF/PicoCTF/General Skills/Big Zip/big-zip-files/big-zip-files/folder_xtshijybzy/folder_ciinwksnzo/file_uyfmoxhozohdyliqhr.txt
flag:whydisastrousfires-thegreatconflagrationsofLondonandChicago,forexample-are
filename:/home/sbk6401/CTF/PicoCTF/General Skills/Big Zip/big-zip-files/big-zip-files/folder_hxarnwdtrd/xsdewwuiuzrhcnrk.txt
flag:eyecansee,withpatternsontheirskin,anadaptivecamouflageimplyingthattheyhave
